Documentation for DeliverySpec.Timeout (#3793)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/experimental-features.md

!!! note
    At the moment this feature is implemented only for `Subscription.Spec.Subscriber.Ref`.

> ### `DeliverySpec.Timeout` field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### DeliverySpec.Timeout field
```
I think we're not using markup in headings in our style guide

Author: Ok then we need to change the KReference.Group header as well

**Flag name**: `delivery-timeout`

**Stage**: Alpha, disabled by default

**Tracking issue**: https://github.com/knative/eventing/issues/5148

> When using the `DeliverySpec` to configure event delivery parameters, you can use `timeout` field to specify the timeout for each sent HTTP request. The duration of the `timeout` parameter is specified using the ISO 8601 format
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `delivery` spec to configure event delivery parameters, you can use the `timeout` field to specify the timeout for each sent HTTP request. The duration of the `timeout` parameter is specified using the [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Times) format.

```

> For example, you can define a `Subscription' that retries 3 times, and on each retry the request timeout is going to be 5 seconds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a Subscription that retries sending a failed event 3 times, and on each retry the request timeout is 5 seconds:
```

Author: I wouldn't use "failed event", because it looks like the event is intrinsically failed. I changed with just "sending an event"

```yaml
apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: example-subscription
  namespace: example-namespace
spec:
  subscriber:
    ref:
      apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1
      kind: Service
      name: example-sink
  delivery:
    backoffDelay: PT2S
    backoffPolicy: linear
    retry: 3
    timeout: PT5S
```

> You can use this feature in `Channel`, `Subscription`, `Broker`, `Trigger` and every other Resource spec that uses that accepts the `delivery` object field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify a `delivery` spec for Channels, Subscriptions, Brokers, Triggers, and any other resource spec that accepts the `delivery` field.
```
